Now, next, let us discuss how will you trade or deal trade and print all the objects that is held
by dual thread, so continuing with our same employee structure.
Suppose we have a dual thread in which currently three employee type objects are held together by this
giant threat.
So our objective is to iterate over this giant thread and print each of these objects that is held by
this giant thread, so simply we need to write a function print employee database.
And argument to this function is actually a pointer to the first node of this real thread.
So the argument to this function is a pointer to the first G.A., which is present in this thread.
Now, simply, this court is pretty much obvious and it resembles exactly similar to that of the linked
list, which you have already learned.
The only line that makes a difference is this following line, so you can see that in this line hat
is a pointer which points to the G.A. and in order to get a pointer to the start of the object, you
need to subtract the offset of the G.A. from the address of the Lord.
And this is what I am doing here.
I have an address to the G.A. and I'm subtracting the offset of this not present in the structure so
that I will get an address which points to the start of the object of type in play.
So I will get the starting address and once I get a starting address, I can simply print the implied
details.
Right, and the rest of the implementation of this function is very much similar to that of a traditional,
doubly linked list.
So now you must be able to grasp the main difference between traditional, doubly linked list and Gyul
threads.
All the difference lies in how you obtain a pointer to the object from that list node.
In case of traditional relentless node, you have already started a member and you simply write not
arrow data in order to get a pointer to the object which is held by this node.
Whereas in case of G.L. threads, you need to subtract the offset to the address of this node in order
to get the pointer to the object that is held by the A.
So that's the only difference between traditional, doubly linked list and real threats.
Soon we will realize that what other benefits we will get by playing this little trick and you will
understand that best libraries actually solves the problem with traditional libraries cannot.